Classmeets web application: https://rocky-brook-47766.herokuapp.com/

Admin functionality:
Admins can be added by only system admins manually.
The admin account is : 
email: admin@admin.com 
password: adminadmin

Administrators job is too remove users (students).


A new student can register an account by clicking the Sign up button at 
the top right of the navbar. 
After registering the student can now log in and view their: profile, courses, and discussion forum.
All login authentication is using JWT and session cookies: so if left idle for too long the cookie may expire
and the server will no longer provide data from protected resources.

Courses page:
On the course page a student may add new courses and new assignments to those courses.
Clicking an assignment will take you too an assignment's page. Where you can add students 
to that assignment.

Profile Page:
A student can view their own profile by clicking the profile button on the menu bar. Once taken there, they will
be able to see their name, major and year they're in, a default profile and cover picture, as well as their timetable and assignement list.
You can add to your timetable by including the course code, the day (in lowercase ie. monday,tuesday ..), start and 
end time in 24hr time (ie.12,13,14..) and optionally add a color either as the word ("red") or the hex color("#fff"),
to display the event as that color. Otherwise it defaults to a light blue color. You can delete a course from your timetable
as well by clicking the delete button and entering all the above info.
There's an assignement list that shows all the given assignements, where you can add them as well and optionally add
your progress for each one by clicking on the progress box (on the right of each row), and inputting the value into the
prompt box, where it will then be updated. You can do this as many times as you want. You can also delete
an assignment from the list by inputting all the info as before and clicking delete. 

Discussion Forum:
When you first click on the discussion forum in the menu bar, it takes you to a page that shows all the
forums available for each course. You can click on each course and it will take you to the designated forum for that course
where you can see write your own post, and reply to others

All the routes are in the server.js file and are commented with their purpose


